---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "contentful_app_definition Data Source - terraform-provider-contentful"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a Contentful App Definition.
---

# contentful_app_definition (Data Source)

Retrieves a Contentful App Definition.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "contentful_app_definition" "this" {
  organization_id = var.organization_id

  app_definition_id = "app-definition-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_definition_id` (String) The unique identifier for the app definition.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization.

### Read-Only

- `bundle_id` (String) The bundle identifier for the app.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `locations` (Attributes List) Locations where the app can be rendered in the Contentful web app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--locations))
- `name` (String) The name of the app.
- `parameters` (Attributes) Configuration parameters for the app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `src` (String) The URL where the app is hosted.

<a id="nestedatt--locations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `locations`

Read-Only:

- `field_types` (Attributes List) Field types that this location supports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--locations--field_types))
- `location` (String) The location where the app can be rendered.
- `navigation_item` (Attributes) Navigation item configuration for this location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--locations--navigation_item))

<a id="nestedatt--locations--field_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `locations.field_types`

Read-Only:

- `items` (Attributes List) For Array fields, the type of items in the array. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--locations--field_types--items))
- `link_type` (String) For Link fields, the type of linked resource.
- `type` (String) The field type.

<a id="nestedatt--locations--field_types--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `locations.field_types.items`

Read-Only:

- `link_type` (String) For arrays of Links, the type of linked resource.
- `type` (String) The type of array items.



<a id="nestedatt--locations--navigation_item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `locations.navigation_item`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Display name for the navigation item.
- `path` (String) Path for the navigation item.



<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Read-Only:

- `installation` (Attributes List) Installation-level parameters for the app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--installation))
- `instance` (Attributes List) Instance-level parameters for the app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--instance))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--installation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.installation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Default value for this parameter in JSON format.
- `description` (String) Description of this parameter.
- `id` (String)
- `labels` (Attributes) Labels for boolean parameter values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--installation--labels))
- `name` (String) The name of this parameter.
- `options` (List of String) Available options for this parameter.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether this parameter is required.
- `type` (String) The type of this parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--installation--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.installation.labels`

Read-Only:

- `empty` (String) Label for empty value.
- `false` (String) Label for false value.
- `true` (String) Label for true value.



<a id="nestedatt--parameters--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.instance`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String) Default value for this parameter in JSON format.
- `description` (String) Description of this parameter.
- `id` (String)
- `labels` (Attributes) Labels for boolean parameter values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--instance--labels))
- `name` (String) The name of this parameter.
- `options` (List of String) Available options for this parameter.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether this parameter is required.
- `type` (String) The type of this parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--instance--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.instance.labels`

Read-Only:

- `empty` (String) Label for empty value.
- `false` (String) Label for false value.
- `true` (String) Label for true value.


