---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "contentful_content_type Resource - terraform-provider-contentful"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Contentful Content Type.
---

# contentful_content_type (Resource)

Manages a Contentful Content Type.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "contentful_content_type" "author" {
  space_id       = local.contentful_space_id
  environment_id = local.contentful_environment_id

  content_type_id = "author"

  name        = "Author"
  description = "An author of content"

  display_field = "name"

  fields = [
    {
      id        = "name"
      name      = "Name"
      type      = "Symbol"
      disabled  = false
      localized = false
      omitted   = false
      required  = true
    },
    {
      id        = "avatar"
      name      = "Avatar"
      type      = "Link"
      link_type = "Asset"
      disabled  = false
      localized = false
      omitted   = false
      required  = false
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `content_type_id` (String) The unique identifier for this content type.
- `description` (String) Description of the content type.
- `display_field` (String) Field ID to use as the display field for entries of this content type.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment this content type belongs to.
- `fields` (Attributes List) List of fields that belong to this content type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields))
- `name` (String) Name of the content type.
- `space_id` (String) The ID of the space this content type belongs to.

### Optional

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata for the content type. Once set, metadata properties may not be removed, but the list of taxonomy items may be reduced to the empty list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique ID of this field within the content type.
- `localized` (Boolean) Whether the field can have different values for different locales.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the field.
- `required` (Boolean)
- `type` (String) The field's data type.

Optional:

- `allowed_resources` (Attributes List) For Resource Link fields, defines the allowed resource types that can be linked. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields--allowed_resources))
- `default_value` (String) Default value for the field in JSON format.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the field is disabled (not editable in the UI).
- `items` (Attributes) For Array fields, defines the type of items in the array. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields--items))
- `link_type` (String) For Link or Array of Links fields, specifies the type of resource being linked to (e.g., Entry, Asset).
- `omitted` (Boolean) Whether the field is omitted from API responses.
- `validations` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--fields--allowed_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields.allowed_resources`

Optional:

- `contentful_entry` (Attributes) Configuration for allowing Contentful entry resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields--allowed_resources--contentful_entry))
- `external` (Attributes) Configuration for allowing external resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields--allowed_resources--external))

<a id="nestedatt--fields--allowed_resources--contentful_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields.allowed_resources.contentful_entry`

Required:

- `content_types` (List of String) List of content type IDs that are allowed to be linked.
- `source` (String) The source for allowed Contentful entry resources.


<a id="nestedatt--fields--allowed_resources--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields.allowed_resources.external`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of external resource.



<a id="nestedatt--fields--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields.items`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of items in the array.

Optional:

- `link_type` (String) For arrays of Links, specifies the type of resource being linked to.
- `validations` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (String) Annotations for this content type, represented as a JSON object fragment.
- `taxonomy` (Attributes List) List of taxonomy items for this content type. Each item represents a taxonomy term that may be associated with the content type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--taxonomy))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--taxonomy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.taxonomy`

Optional:

- `taxonomy_concept` (Attributes) A specific taxonomy concept to associate with this content type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--taxonomy--taxonomy_concept))
- `taxonomy_concept_scheme` (Attributes) A taxonomy concept scheme to associate with this content type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--taxonomy--taxonomy_concept_scheme))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--taxonomy--taxonomy_concept"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.taxonomy.taxonomy_concept`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID of the taxonomy concept.

Optional:

- `required` (Boolean) Whether this taxonomy concept is required.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata--taxonomy--taxonomy_concept_scheme"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.taxonomy.taxonomy_concept_scheme`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID of the taxonomy concept scheme.

Optional:

- `required` (Boolean) Whether this taxonomy concept scheme is required.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import contentful_content_type.author $CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID/$CONTENTFUL_ENVIRONMENT_ID/author
```
