---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "contentful_delivery_api_key Resource - terraform-provider-contentful"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Contentful Delivery API Key.
---

# contentful_delivery_api_key (Resource)

Manages a Contentful Delivery API Key.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "contentful_delivery_api_key" "this" {
  space_id = var.contentful_space_id

  name = "Content Delivery API Key"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Human-readable name for the API key.
- `space_id` (String) ID of the space for the API key.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the API key.
- `environments` (List of String) List of environment IDs that the token can access. Only the environments specified in this property can be accessed using this token.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) The delivery API access token.
- `api_key_id` (String) System ID of the API key.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `preview_api_key_id` (String) ID of the corresponding preview API key.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  identity = {
    space_id   = var.contentful_space_id
    api_key_id = var.api_key_id
  }
  to = contentful_delivery_api_key.this
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `api_key_id` (String)
- `space_id` (String)

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  id = "${var.contentful_space_id}/${var.api_key_id}"
  to = contentful_delivery_api_key.this
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import contentful_delivery_api_key.this $CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID/abcdef
```
